

Introduction
Project Name:
Upstage Documentation Project
Scope and Objectives
User instructions, one for developers and one for users. We will have different versions for knowledge level and language.
User interface overview
Style guide

Publishing Details (formats, ways of delivery to end users)
We will publish on GitHub and Floss manuals. We will use booktype to publish on user facing documentation on Floss manuals. We will use Python to do so.

Detailed Content Plan
c. Detail color and font usage. Ideally reflects UI. Turtle green accents. Otherwise black and white. Grey body font color. Sans serif font.
For specific elements: Fuschia #FF00FF and yellow orange #ffae42 would create a triad with turtle green. Consult with Elisa.

Requirement analysis (We are here. Will be complete when this document is complete)
Phase of Designing (We are transitioning to this by starting the style guide)
Content Development Stage Jan 1st?
Editing/Proofreading
Maintenance


Data Management
Will use an in-house style guide, largely based on UK Microsoft Manual of Style. Where the in-house guide does not specify a preference, consult with UK Microsoft Manual of Style.

Time Estimates

Overall project is ongoing through 2021.

The style guide must be written first. It is only two pages, so it should not take longer than a month to complete, at most.
Deliverable a. and b. can be written simultaneously.
The documentation plan process is called the DDLC. It is closely related to the steps involved in the SDLC (Software development life cycle), and organized around that process. The software development lifecycle (SDLC) is a never ending process, and the documentation will always need to be updated to accurately reflect the latest version of the software. Therefore, it is important for the two to remain synchronized. However, we can plan our documentation in terms of a single DDLC and synch our documentation with various steps of the SDLC:
 
During the planning stage, requirements will be determined by stakeholders and SMEs, so we would work in tandem to create rough outlines or drafts of our user documents that parallel those requirements. Audience analysis is essential. Might want to take user feedback and create a profile of our typical user(s), including their knowledge and needs. Should be complete by New Year's Eve.
We should start on the documentation no later than January 1st 2021. We should be documenting whatever feature is being built during each sprint; in between sprints, we should be proofreading and editing, making minor revisions to optimize reader experience, and looking ahead to anticipate the required information. 
Testing would be a time of revision to reflect changes made based on user feedback. Therefore, the major segments of the documentation should be completed before we get to that step. 
Publishing.
During the operations and maintenance stage, we will maintain the documentation to keep it accurately reflecting the software, documenting any new features that may be added or bugs that have been fixed.
Responsible Persons
Claudia Beezhold - Role: Technical Writer
Scope of work: Claudia will report to Elisa on the interface overview and consult with on style guide.
Elisa Godoy de Castro Guerra: Graphic design and UI developer


Workflow
Reviewed by Paul for technical accuracy and completeness.
Final approval by Helen and Vicki.
Resources (software, style guides, websites)
https://www.w3schools.in/technical-writing/documentation-development-life-cycle-ddlc/

https://raygun.com/blog/software-development-life-cycle/


https://www.w3schools.in/technical-writing/documentation-development-life-cycle-ddlc/

https://clickhelp.com/clickhelp-technical-writing-blog/how-to-write-user-documentation-and-help-manuals/


-------

