**UpStage documentation feedback:**

If you have ever used any UpStage documentation - the user manual, video tutorials and/or technical documentation, please take a few moments to answer the following questions:
    1. have you used the UpStage user manual, and if so in which format - a PDF or on the FLOSS Manuals website?
3 people have used the pdf (& annie says she must have)
       I did look through it when I used Upstage, but it wasn't much use. I thought that since there are a lot of FAQ, and they are fairly predictable, the best thing would be able to have a 'how to do' list, available always, backed up by a pdf. 
    2. have you watched any UpStage video tutorials?
2
The tutorial was watchable. But it's a pain to return to find the bit you want to watch.
    3. have you accessed any technical documentation for UpStage? (on Github or anywhere else)
1
    4. in what capacity have you used UpStage documentation (e.g. artist, audience, researcher, developer, teacher, other ... )?
artist x 3
    5. how useful was the documentation?
very good
useful most of the time
    6. what did you like about it?
-I like concise tutorials show me exactly step by step how to approach 
 - step-by-step with screengrabs
    7. what didn't you like about it?
-Used to be so long sometimes (video tutorials) PDF was totally ok for me
- well... the media dimensions were not always corresponding to the reality of the browsers. For webcam, long explanation...
video –  it's a pain to return to find the bit you want to watch.
    8. was there something missing?
No
a comprehensive table of content, to find the right topic
How do you...add online music, reduce volume so people can be heard, run splitscreens, change virtual backgrounds, add lighting or onscreen effects, become invisible, participate and be listened to (?)
    9. describe the UpStage documentation of your dreams:
design by default, on the upstage website as pdf and html, very factual! (no video tutorials for me)
step by step with screen sharing videos + pdf to download

       
Sorry Helen

I never used the .doc, must have looked at it though.
And as for my dreams : design by default, on the upstage website as pdf and html, very factual!
(no video tutorials for me)

Kisses Annie

Hi Helen, 
My answers :)

1. have you used the UpStage user manual, and if so in which format - a
    PDF or on the FLOSS Manuals website? 
.-PDF

2. have you watched any UpStage video tutorials? 
-YES

3. have you accessed any technical documentation for UpStage? (on
    Github or anywhere else)
-YES

4. in what capacity have you used UpStage documentation (e.g. artist,
    audience, researcher, developer, teacher, other ... )?
-Artist

5. how useful was the documentation 
-Very Good
 
6. what did you like about it?
-I like concise tutorials show me exactly step by step how to approach 
  
7. what didn't you like about it?
-Used to be so long sometimes (video tutorials) PDF was totally ok for me

 8. was there something missing?
-No

 9. describe the UpStage documentation of your dreams:
xx

Cheers
-- 
KataRina

1. have you used the UpStage user manual, and if so in which format - 
a PDF 
2. have you watched any UpStage video tutorials?
no
3. have you accessed any technical documentation for UpStage? (on  Github or anywhere else)
4. in what capacity have you used UpStage documentation (e.g. artist, audience, researcher, developer, teacher, other ... )? artist
5. how useful was the documentation? useful most of the time

6. what did you like about it? step-by-step with screengrabs

7. what didn't you like about it? well... the media dimensions were not always corresponding to the reality of the browsers. For webcam, long explanation...

8. was there something missing? a comprehensive table of content, to find the right topic


9. describe the UpStage documentation of your dreams: step by step with screen sharing videos + pdf to download
Suzon Fuks

I did look through it when I used Upstage, but it wasn't much use. I thought that since there are a lot of FAQ, and they are fairly predictable, the best thing would be able to have a 'how to do' list, available always, backed up by a pdf. The tutorial was watchable. But it's a pain to return to find the bit you want to watch.
How do you...add online music, reduce volume so people can be heard, run splitscreens, change virtual backgrounds, add lighting or onscreen effects, become invisible, participate and be listened to (?)
Alex Laube
