Upstage Style Guide

TOC:
Goals
Brand Voice
Examples
Language Usage Standards
Plain English Principles
Spelling conventions
Other
Regional Differences
Accessibility
Software Specific Concerns
Word Bank
URLs

Goals
Our goals are clarity, accessibility, concision, and consistency. To achieve these goals, we follow the principles of the Plain English movement. We also like to be a little different here at Upstage--as this project was born in Aotearoa New Zealand, we use standard New Zealand English (NZE). If we do not specify a preference on a certain point, defer to NZE or British English (BrE) standards. We will update this style guide regularly to reflect our voice and brand, as well as to refine and expand our specifications.

Brand Voice
Upstage is an experimental, artist-led and open source platform. Our voice is:
Friendly - When you write, do it as if you were explaining something to a friend.
Open - We aim to be inviting to our users and developers
Direct - We get to the point and avoid circumlocation.

In Practice
- Word Choice
- Phrases to avoid

Examples


Language Usage Standards
Plain English Principles
Avoid nominalizations.
Avoid “to be” verbs
Avoid unnecessary prepositions or unnecessarily lengthy prepositional phrases
Use active voice
When possible, use “power” words that encapsulate an idea rather than using lengthy phrases
When in doubt, use the more common word.
Avoid ambiguity
Use short paragraphs 
Use bullet point lists whenever appropriate
Use numbered lists when describing steps
Spelling conventions
Colour, not color. Same with all words where -our ending is an option.
-ise preferred to -ize. As in centralise, not centralize
-t spelling of past tense verbs and past tense participles is preferred, rather than -ed
British spelling preferred.

Abbreviations
No period after abbreviations or
Acronyms


Other
When introducing new terminology, bold the new words.
Header titles should be capitalized except for prepositions and articles
Upon the first use of an abbreviation, spell it out and include the abbreviated form
Try to avoid overly complicated sentence structures
Strive for SVO. Frontload the subject. 

Regional Differences
Foreign language users
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/language/styleguides
Accessibility
https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/

According to W3 guidelines, we should strive for the following qualities in our documentation:
Percievable
Specifications for how to accomodate different disabilities:
Vision: We need a description that is accessable to sceen reader software. Accessability metadata. Image alt. The computer will read this information out loud to describe an image.
Audio: Videos should have subtitles.
Motor:
Seizures: No quickly flashing images in videos or gifs.
Adaptable
It should be flexible enough to be read easily on different devices.
Distinguishable: Addresses the following to ensure content is discernable in general.
Color
Audio
Contrast
Resize text
Images of text
Low or No Background Audio
Visual Presentation
Images of Text (No Exception)
Reflow
Non-text Contrast
Text Spacing
Content on Hover or Focus
Operable: Pertaining to user interface and navigation
Keyboard Accessible
Sufficient time
Seizures and Physical Reactions
Navigable
Input modalities
Understandable
Readable
Predictable
Input Assistance
Robust
Conformance

Software Specific Concerns


Word Bank
We use parent/child instead of master/slave. 
Two elements with the same parent are siblings.
Instead of white/blacklist, we use 
Dashboard: The space where the stages can be created and managed (The administrative interface)
We create and manage stages
We manage player profile, and admins can add and manage players
other top level administration e.g. access statistics
Stage: The space where the live Cyberformance is created and happens
Live stage: rehearsal and presentation of cyberformance. The live stage can be public (Unlocked: Public performance) or private (Locked: Rehearsal).
Workshop: The backstage of the stage, it can be considered as the offline stage where artists can upload media and pre-prepare scenes and the elements that are needed for their cyberformance. It will serve as the media management of a performance.
URLs
The text of links should give readers a clear idea of what they lead to and the purpose.

Formatting and Navigation
Titles of pages should clearly describe the purpose or topic
Headings and labels
 should clearly define the purpose of the section.

Lists
Numbered lists should always be used for processes broken down into steps. Sub-sections can be labeled with lower-case letters.
Otherwise, use bullet point lists.

Tables
Tables should be clearly labeled.

Figures

Images

Navigation

“Breadcrumb trails” of links should be available for backtracking across pages.


